how does one keep realistic expectations
standards for love
i didn't grow up with any healthy
examples of love and have a hard time
with the post honeymoon
period of a relationship great question
i think it's a good question too
um i didn't i i have never like i didn't
grow up seeing
a couple like us i think our
ability to
create the thing that we wanted to
create in our life
is kind of the only reason why we have
our relationship
i kind of zoned out it's hard for me to
attend to things
not to lean on you you have to carry
from here on out
oh from here
[Laughter]
um what i was saying
so did you have any great examples of
relationships when you were growing up
nothing like ours exactly i don't think
you have to
see it to do it
so it's not about realistic it's about
your own ability to create the thing
that you want
yeah because that's what's realistic
right it's like expectation is based on
everything
outside of you but here's the thing not
real you are a unique person
like your partner is a unique person and
the relationship that the two of you
have has never existed in the history of
human
humanity so
you know don't let your expectations
get in the way there's something weird
about this isn't there
all right back to this so so this is the
thing
i i mean look so i think both my wife
and i have had
you know to a certain degree like
healthy parents
um and at the same time i think you know
you have to remember that like
like i was saying you have never existed
before your partner has never existed
before y'all's relationship has never
existed before
so i think creating a healthy
relationship is recognizing that like
this is an
entirely new game that's being played
and there's only so much you can
understand and learn
from prior games that have existed so
this is where you know
what i would really advocate for is like
you know what are realistic expectations
that's a conversation you need to have
with your partner
this is what i want from the
relationship this is what you want from
the relationship
can i expect and rely on you to provide
me with this thing that you don't want
to give me but that i want
and ultimately like communication is the
most important thing
because it's like you guys are playing a
multiplayer game but if you're not
communicating then it's like you're just
just all in your head
so like learn how to talk to each other
um and when you say i have a hard time
with post honeymoon periods of the
relationship yeah like you and everyone
else because
the honeymoon period is like when your
hormones are going great and it's like
oh my god i love you so much
and then it's like how are we going to
pay the internet bill
you know what are we going to about
finances what are we going to do about
kids where are we going to live how are
we going to deal with rent
those are all the things that are boring
and terrible
and are also like you know part of the
part of a relationship i mean depending
on what kind of relationship you have
right and so i'd say that set your own
expectations
determine your own standards of love
like don't rely on
whether it's realistic or not like f
that
i mean there have been so many times
where ruthie and i have been like oh my
god like this is
unrealistic what we're doing and i was
like screw that
and she was too i was like we're not
realistic like we don't do things like
other people we're not
you know we're not the regular humans
we're us
and it's it's our lifetime of fun so
this is what we're gonna do even if it's
a bad idea
and so the cool thing about a
relationship is that ultimately you're
the one that gets to write the rules
like you and your partner get to write
the rules together and you guys write
whatever rules you want
if like you know every friday is crazy
fun friday we're like no one gets to
wear clothes like that's fine
right you know you have to watch out
about you know work and things like that
but you guys get to determine the rules
you get to determine what are realistic
expectations and whether they're
realistic or unrealistic i think the
best parts
of our relationships are the things
where we've had unrealistic expectations
and we've managed to fulfill them anyway
it's like i have a completely
unrealistic expectation
and it's like cool let's make that
happen
i want spicy puffy cheetos and
margaritas
and
like a new tv show and you do it because
you're the best
and she's like oh my god is this hard
for you and i'm like of course it's hard
for me
but we shouldn't let that get in the way
of your indulgent enjoyment